Introduction/Business Problem :

I would like to build a recommender system that helps the user find a best cafe in aarhus city.
The user needs to ´get a cafe that is nearer to his place ,has best rating ,has parking availability and a trending venue.
I have choosen Aarhus City as I live here.
It sounds interesting for me to build a system and check if the system returns my favourite cafe in return.
Aarhus City - a unique shopping metropolis
Aarhus is truly West Denmark's shopping metropolis and Jutland's capital.
the city offers unique and diverse shopping experiences far beyond the usual. 
Within walking distance you will find everything the heart desires from specialty shops,
department stores, Denmark's largest city center, cafes, restaurants and much more…
 
Data Section :

The data required in this project is collected from foursquare location database .
I have given address of the user to foursquare database inorder get venues 500m near to the place.
I have sorted the venues in a table and then extracted cafes around that address in 500m range.
I have used different functions like explore,search to get required data from Four square API.


Methodology :

In the lab, first step is to convert addresses into their equivalent latitude and longitude values.
 And then to use the Foursquare API to explore venues in Aarhus City.
 We use the explore function to get the most common venue categories in Aarhus and search  function to get cafes 500m near to the address.
 We then explore trending venues near the address and find rating for all cafes to find the best one near to the address.
 I have used k-means clusturing algorithm to cluser cafes around to three groups based on distance and rating.
 Finally, we will use the Folium library to visualize the cafes in Aarhus City 500 m around the address highlighting the best one.
 
 Result :
 This recommender system finally recommends a cafe that is nearer, has high rating and a trending one to the user.
 
 Conclusion :
 This system has given a cafe that is nearer to the place of the user but it would get even better response by the system if rating is also given for the venues.
 
